docs: explain the support relation between MCS-API and GW-API (#38785)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/clustermesh/mcsapi.rst

      kubectl exec -ti deployment/x-wing -- curl rebel-base-mcsapi.default.svc.clusterset.local

   You will see replies from pods in both clusters.

Gateway-API
###########

Gateway-API has optional support for MCS-API via `GEP1748`_ by specifying the
backend, for example:

.. code-block:: yaml

   apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
   kind: HTTPRoute
   metadata:
      name: rebel-base-mcsapi
      namespace: default
   spec:
      parentRefs:
      - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
         kind: Gateway
         name: my-gateway
         namespace: default
      rules:
      - backendRefs:
         - group: multicluster.x-k8s.io
            kind: ServiceImport
            name: rebel-base-mcsapi
            port: 80
         matches:
         - method: GET
            path:
            type: PathPrefix
            value: /

The Gateway API implementation of Cilium fully support its own MCS-API implementation.

If you want to use another Gateway API implementation with the Cilium MCS-API implementation,
the Gateway API implementation you are using should officially support MCS-API / `GEP1748`_.

> On the other hands, Cilium Gateway API implementation only supports implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hands, the Cilium Gateway API implementation only supports MCS-API implementations
```

> using an underlying Services with ServiceImport and with the annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using an underlying Service associated with a ServiceImport, and with the annotation
```
